# MetaVesperis
Llamas In Lava
When running my code a GUI window will pop up. There is no gameplay in this window, but it will display a scoreboard when prompted, and by pressing “Play Game” you start the decision loop menu in the console for game play.  The console gameplay is basically unchanged from my last submission. The graphics window and buttons are the only really new thing. Oh, though I did add a sorting function, sortScores(), to the ScoreBoard class. I’m pretty sure that works. 


Issues with my code:
There is no gameplay in the GUI. I intend to finish this over break, but for now the gameplay will remain in the console. I also have yet to add a limit to the number of scores able to be stored, which could theoretically cause problems with how they are displayed.  Connected to that issue, I never added any feature for removing scores.  Also, there is no inheritance or polymorphism in my code apart from that which is inherent to using javafx classes. I planned for most of my inheritance relationships to be within how I implement the graphics of the gameplay, but I have yet to reach that point. Another awkward issue is that since the play game button initiates a loop of decisions in the console, that loop has to be exited before you can view the scores again in the window or exit the window. Also, exiting from the console no longer ends the program. Yet another issue, depending in the sequences of steps one follows, the scores can be written back to the file very incorrectly. I sort of know why the issue is there, it has to do with where I call the setScores() method and the fact that the variable place in the scoreboard class only gets updated when one first reads the file. To see this error, all you have to do is play game *play the game*exit the console version play game again (or something like that)  and then close the graphics window and run the program again to view the scores. 

